Developer (#3)
logzio/logzio-helm: README.md

# Logzio Kubernetes Helm Charts

> Helm is a tool for managing Charts. Charts are packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.  
> This repo contains Helm charts for shipping logs & metrics to logz.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm is a tool for managing packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources using Charts.   
This repo contains Helm charts for shipping metrics to Logz.io. 
```
